Peanutbutter's brother gets sick, he goes through his own existential crisis. But he doesn't suffer through it for very long. Bojack gets similar advice from his old writing partner and Harvard alum Cuddly Whiskers, who abandoned his Hollywood life and is finally able to find happiness. Mr. Peanutbutter and Cuddly Whiskers' path to happiness after or even because of the realization of nihilism, invokes the 20th century French thinker Albert Camus and his philosophy of absurdism.

For Camus, the universe is irrational and meaningless, and yet humans are desperate to find reason and meaning in it, and he calls this discrepancy the absurd. Once you become aware of the absurd, you only have three choices. Return to the cycle of daily life and don't think about it, commit suicide, or his preferred option rebellion, i.e. accept the absurd and be happy anyway, because screw the universe for thinking it can control how you feel.

Camus illustrates these ideas in his essay The Myth of Sisyphus, about a man who is doomed to push a rock up a hill each day, only to watch it roll back down again. Sisyphus becomes Camus' absurd hero when he recognizes the absurdity of his task, but decides to be happy in spite of it. The show directly references the myth of Sisyphus. There's also the recurring symbol of the baboon jogging up the hill outside Bojack's house. Every day, he's running up that same hill.

At the end of season 3, Bojack comes face to face with the meaningless loop of his life in the young actress from Ethan Around. It happens that the stage set collapses. At the end of the awakening comes, in time, the consequence, suicide or recovery. Just as Camus describes, Bojack runs out of the stage set and begins to drive into nowhere. Driving has repeatedly served as a way for Bojack to try and escape the absurd.

Maybe his own take on Secretariat's advice to run and don't look back. But when he releases the steering wheel, Bojack gives in, submitting himself to the absurd and to suicide. However, when he sees the wild horses, they represent for him the alternative. Embrace the absurd. Carry out your meaningless task and be happy in spite of it.

They may be seen as absurd heroes, a group of horses who have embraced running purely for its own sake. Like Sisyphus, they run, carry out the meaningless task, and are happy anyway. Bojack has proven himself willing to give everything up. Maybe he's ready to follow Cuddlywhisker's advice and finally start to become happy. Conclusion The show does offer one possible solution to Bojack's struggle for meaning.

Family. At our age, it's weird if you don't have a family. I mean… Well, not for you. No. Because you've been busy.

Right. With your career. Sure. When you pay attention to all the times Bojack watches horse and around, the scenes all revolve around the in-show family. I've learned that when you're in a loving family, there's nothing wrong with a little horse and around.

During the first Big Bender, he has a vision of himself as a simple family man. Bojack's attempt to sleep with Penny at the end of Season 2 illustrates how desperate he is to start over and choose the domestic life he could have had with Charlotte. The wild horses may represent more than just the absurd hero. They may also represent the herd and a sense of belonging that Bojack lacks. And with the teaser at the end of Season 3, it seems the show is preparing to explore this theme of family much more. Though I hope it works out for him, something tells me that even family won't be able to fill the void